Get out of the way, the brakes fail
Linger had a car accident, please call 110.
Hit 110 fast
Hurry up and fight, right?
I just put the green tea stepmother based on the old man's property
Drive out of Jiangmen with his son
How did he die?
System playoff
432 1
Where is this?
Am I going to die?
Welcome to the Spacetime Repair Site
Complete the missions assigned by each world of the system
After the accumulated points reach a certain amount
You will get a chance to resurrect the original world
You mean as long as I complete the task
I still have a chance to be resurrected
Yes, but if the mission fails once
You will be completely drowned
I just started drinking green tea
Billions in property seized by stepmothers
I don't want to die in this hellish place
Ask the host to choose whether to proceed with the task
I choose the world this time's mission world
It's a novel called The Queen of Entertainment Pet
Ah, the original owner Sheng Man returned to China to enter Chengnan University
I fell in love with the school grass Gu Lanfeng at first sight
Because Gu Lanfeng and his cousin were close
Just deliberately target him
He is not allowed to walk with Gu Lanfeng
Can't hold back a smile and looks good
And because others put poor students Ye Nanheng and cloth
Ralph on a par
Just trample on all kinds of bullying against Ye Nanheng
Six months later, Shengnuan's parents were attacked by Elsa
He is the proud daughter of heaven
Become an orphan between you and the second seat
Isn't this an egg?
The scariest thing is
Ye Nanheng
At this time, it is the leading ruling in China
But after the adoptive mother passed away, she completely blackened
Become the biggest villain here
Mr. Ye
But Gu Lanfeng Junior has become a novelty in the entertainment industry
Your mission in this world
It is to replace the cannon fodder female matching saint
Stop Yena and Blackie from changing their destiny